readme.md, before:

# Overview
Tarot Card Arcade game using python arcade and chatgpt. This directory contains the python game, which compiles to an executable and is available on steam, and a flask server that renders on [render](https://render.com/) and provides the API endpoints.

# Getting Started Instructions 
1. Go into the python game directory `$ cd python-game` 
2. Copy the environment files `cp -a .env.example .env` and fill out the applicable variables
3. Create a virtual environment using `$ python -m venv .venv`
4. Start virtual environment using `$ source .venv/bin/activate`
5. Install the packages using `$ pip install -r requirements.txt`
6. Start Tarot game by running `$ python game.py`


# Resources
* CardArt base from [chee-seekins](https://chee-seekins.itch.io/tarot) - note, files not in git. commercial use, no distribution 
* Click Sfx from [jarzarr](https://jarzarr.itch.io/ui-button-sounds) - commercial use, distribution
* Music from [alkarab](https://alkakrab.itch.io/free-12-tracks-pixel-rpg-game-music-pack) - commercial use, distribution
* Card SfX from [jdshertbert](https://jdsherbert.itch.io/tabletop-games-sfx-pack) - commercial use, distribution
* Door opening sound from (https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/doors/) - commercial use, distribution
* Typerwriter Sfx from (https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/click/) - commercial use, Distrubution
* Wind Sfx from https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/wind/ - commercial use, distribution

* Original Art made with Aseprite https://www.aseprite.org/

Commit message:

Get server up and running

readme.md, after:

# Overview
Tarot Card Arcade game using python arcade and chatgpt. This directory contains the python game, which compiles to an executable and is available on steam, and a flask server that renders on [render](https://render.com/) and provides the API endpoints.

# Get started instructions 
* As a prerequisite be sure you have python installed with `$ python --version`. The project supports python 3.12.4. You'll also need Postgres installed, you can check the installation of that by using `$ psql --version`.
# Server instructions
1. In a new terminal go to the flask server directory with `$ cd server-engine`
2. Copy the environment files `cp -a .env.example .env` and fill out the applicable variables 
3. Create a virtual environment using `$ python -m venv .venv`
4. Start virtual environment using `$ source .venv/bin/activate`
5. Install the packages using `$ pip install -r requirements.txt`
6. Start the server with by running `$ flask --debug run`
7. See server running on http://localhost:5000/

# Game instructions 
1. In a new terminal, go into the python game directory `$ cd python-game` 
2. Copy the environment files `cp -a .env.example .env` and fill out the applicable variables
3. Create a virtual environment using `$ python -m venv .venv`
4. Start virtual environment using `$ source .venv/bin/activate`
5. Install the packages using `$ pip install -r requirements.txt`
6. Start Tarot game by running `$ python game.py`


# Resources
* CardArt base from [chee-seekins](https://chee-seekins.itch.io/tarot) - note, files not in git. commercial use, no distribution 
* Click Sfx from [jarzarr](https://jarzarr.itch.io/ui-button-sounds) - commercial use, distribution
* Music from [alkarab](https://alkakrab.itch.io/free-12-tracks-pixel-rpg-game-music-pack) - commercial use, distribution
* Card SfX from [jdshertbert](https://jdsherbert.itch.io/tabletop-games-sfx-pack) - commercial use, distribution
* Door opening sound from (https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/doors/) - commercial use, distribution
* Typerwriter Sfx from (https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/click/) - commercial use, Distrubution
* Wind Sfx from https://mixkit.co/free-sound-effects/wind/ - commercial use, distribution

* Original Art made with Aseprite https://www.aseprite.org/
